[docs] Update emsdk docs on using latest version (#21879)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/tools_reference/emsdk.rst

.. _emsdk-dev-sdk:

How do I track the latest changes with the SDK?
-----------------------------------------------

To try the latest changes with emsdk you can install and activate a special

> version called ``tot`` (Tip-Of-Tree) which its continously build and ususally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version called ``tot`` (Tip-Of-Tree) which is continuously built and usually
```

Reviewer: (lgtm otherwise)

contains Emscripten and LLVM changes just a few hours after they are commited:

::

  ./emsdk install tot
  ./emsdk activate tot

If you want to build everything yourself from the very latest sources you can
use ``sdk-main-64bit``:

::

  # Install git (Skip if the system already has it).
  ./emsdk install git-1.8.3

  # Clone+pull the latest emscripten-core/emscripten/main.
  ./emsdk install sdk-main-64bit

  # Set this as the active version.
  ./emsdk activate sdk-main-64bit

.. _emsdk-howto-use-own-fork:

How do I use my own Emscripten fork with the SDK?
-------------------------------------------------

It is also possible to use your own fork of the Emscripten repository via the
SDK. This is useful in the case when you want to make your own modifications to
the Emscripten toolchain, but still keep using the SDK environment and tools.

To to this all you need to do is set the ``EM_CONFIG`` environment variable to

> point ot the emsdk emscripten config and then put your own checkout of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
point to the emsdk emscripten config and then put your own checkout of
```
